BULK VALIDATION description-missing (#1480)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/controls/grid.md

---
title: "Grid"

> description: Learn about the Grid element, which is used to precisely position content in rows and columns via the collected list of helpful links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about the Grid layout control, which is used to precisely position content in rows and columns via the collected list of helpful links.
```
